Add TRE roles (#211)
sa-tre/satre-specification: docs/source/pillars/supporting.md

* - 4.9.1.
  - You should have identify areas where legal advice may be required and ensure that you have ready access to it.
  - It is likely that legal advice will be necessary for several issues around the handling of sensitive data, and managing project contracts.

>     {ref}`TRE operator <admin_roles>`s should have ready access to legal advice, including a way to solicit advice and carry out associated actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {ref}`TRE operators <admin_roles>` should have ready access to legal advice, including a way to solicit advice and carry out associated actions.
```
